review,rating
Product ramrai xa fast charging hudo raixa.. but mobile& charger both overheat hudo raixa maybe fastcharging vayra hola.!! Overall herda ektiko price ma this product is totally worth it..so majale Lida hunxa.. mro tarfa bata chai 4 stars cuz packing wasn't that much good ... Thank you!!,5
Worth price and packaging. I got it as my previous charger one iPhone 13pro it was. Still to know its charging speed.,5
Mero original charger bigrera ligeko but Soche vanda ramro xa dukka lida hunxa hai for iPhone users. Fast charge hunxa original jastai,5
charger ramro lagye aba pasal tire kinako vayue 1200 1000 vanthyo hola aaba 600 is good price charger thik xa,5
"Product ramro xa, Man paryo ❤️
Charge Pani fast nai lagyo 
Ramro packing Ra time ma Delivery vyo khusi lagyo 🙏🙏",5
"I was happy with the quality of the USB power adapter, it's sturdy and works well. However, the delivery took longer than expected. Other than that, I'm satisfied with the product. Would recommend the seller, but maybe work on speeding up delivery 😊",5
"2 din bhitra nai saman ayo delivery time chito cha ani charger ne ramro nai cha fast charging raixa but ali heat hudo raixa adapter tei ho. 
Tara lina sakxau guys worthy nai cha😉",5
It’s good as i buy this after reading review I’m satisfied with the charger quality it’s fast and works really good thank you❤️,5
"I ordered this mobile charger online, and it was delivered on time with good packaging. The charger works perfectly and charges my phone very quickly without overheating. The build quality feels solid, and it’s worth the price. Highly recommended",5
"Such a good product hai..
Time lageyo ayuna lai but mall chahi ramarai xa 
Kasailai chager chaiyo vaney chahi no doubt kinda hunxa",5
Superb cha aaile samma ramrai fast charge vierako cha hope pachi pani hunecha kam price ma yekdamai ramro cha,4
Babal lagyo same iPhone Ko original charger inbox gareako feel vyo very good quality 😘😘 linu hola regret xai hunna,5
Akdam kharoo cha mal kada wawo dami yatiko price ma yatiko samba pauna muskil cha yar over Dami cha dukka le leda vo faster charger Aago cha mall 🔥👌,5
I don't know about warranty but it cost cheaper here and it's exactly same that I bought previously from mobile gallery.,5
"It feels amazing! If you’re looking for an affordable charger that powers up your phone quickly and has that premium feel, go for it without a second thought. Totally worth it!! Just got one out yesterday",5
Kam ta garxa tara yo adapter ko yo niskeko xa . I hope seller will really take a look properly before selling to upcoming customers!,5
Worst product charge garda charger nai paglyo won’t recommend it! I need new charger or refund. It’s been only 5 days I bought this product,5
Ramero cha sab thok charge mah lagako chiana aaba herum charj kasto hudo raicha thanku daraz thanku store,5
"Cover ma 25 watt vayeni charger Chai 20 watt ko raixa 
Ani bahira batta ma Japanese ma lekheko xa tara bhitra adapter ma Chai made in China xa feri... 

Charger ramro raixa...saman ramro lagyo tara advertise Gare anusar product Raina raixa...",5
This is my second charger purchase. Suru ko chei cable chaleko thyena but yo second wala chei majalw cahelko cha sabei first and second purchase kei adapter ekdam ramro cha.😍,4
"The charger was as shown in the picture. As per the price performance is also good. Charging is also fast. Overall is good, can buy without doubt.",5
Literally! The worst product ever  my hand almost got burnt 1/2week vathyo sayed 😭they didn’t even replied my message😭 pls don’t buy it,5
"DELIVERY CHAI RAMRO LAGYO FAST DELIVERY PLUS DAI PANI FRIENDLY HUNUNTHYO.
PRODUCT DECENT NAI XA PRICE ANUSAR RAMRO XA LIDA HUNXA. SELLER LE CHAI REPLY GARNU VAYENA QUERIES HARU THYO.
OVERALL: PRODUCT AS EXPECTED NAI XA CHARGE RAMRO SANGA HUNXA 25W KO HO LIKED IT.",4
"Yo charge ekdhum ramro xa hajur harw ley dhukka vayarw kindha hunxa ,yeti price ma Yesto ramro quality ko chrager ekdhum worth it ho, it’s much more better than I thought,satisfying product 
                                                                             -Thank you!",5
Does the job well even though it was super affordable. I will be very happy if it lasts for a few months,5
I am Fully satisfied with this product and this store. Thankyou so much for fast delivery and for this best product.,5
"Product ramro xa, Man paryo ❤️
Charge Pani fast nai lagyo 
Ramro packing Ra time ma Delivery vyo khusi lagyo 🙏🙏",5
charger ramro lagye aba pasal tire kinako vayue 1200 1000 vanthyo hola aaba 600 is good price charger thik xa,5
"The product was delivered quickly. It arrived just at the next day of order. It was well packaged and the product is amazing. It charges quickly and seems genuine, that also for this price is totally worth it. Recommended to buy if you are looking for a good charger for your iPhone.",5
Mero original charger bigrera ligeko but Soche vanda ramro xa dukka lida hunxa hai for iPhone users. Fast charge hunxa original jastai,5
Rs499 ma yetiko paunu is good🫶atti man paryo charge ni fast nei vaxa yetiko rate ma yetiko aaunu js good😍,5
Ramro xa vanum charge ne fast nai hunxa aabo but main issue seller no response may be darai msg aaya hola,5
Saman ramro xa paisa anusar saman thik x mobile pasalma gae cable lai matra 8 900 vanx Delivery on time and value for money,5
"Delivery is fast 
Product is a plastic material 
Note : saman chai scratch xw Rw used gareko jasto xw but price is dependent 499 ma yo charger prefect ❤️❤️‍🩹",5
Rs 499ma kineko moiley.Price anusar quality 10/10.dhukka bhayera lida hunxa. Thank You BG tech😘❤️.,5
"Great product.✅
Loved it. ❤️
Packaging was real deal ✅
Liked the delivery as well as it was fast and systematic.",5
Satisfying product… I totally recommend to the people who are looking to order one… worth it..❤️,5
Product ramro xa tara delivery chai mero vaneko samaye vanda dhilo vayo aru tw sabai thikai xa,5
saman paye dhnebaad,5
Was delivered fast and does it work. Will update after use. Budget friendly. Recommended 👍👍,5
Very good I like it price anusar Ekdam ramro lagyo I suggest everyone to but it’s too good,5
"Lawrence best for fast charging in iPhone, thank you so much, Daraz❤️  fast delivery ❤️",5
"Great product.✅
Loved it. ❤️
Liked the delivery as well as it was fast and systematic",5
"good product. nice quality you can buy it with no tension . 
but abit late delivery.",5
Got it in time thank you 💛,5
"Khatra xa chager 2min ma 4 percent hunxa 🥰❤️‍🩹
Sabai ley kinnu hola offer aako xa",5
"mast charger xa according to price 
And fast charging with very less heating 😮‍💨",4
Babal product price anusar damixa product ✌️ charge ni majjale hunxa dami xa dami,5
charger same as pic but chargerko vitra 20 wlekheko xa cover ma 25 what why teso?,5
"Very good product and delivery time was also fast .
Charging speed was superb",5
Charger tamro xa charging pani fast hunxa khatra xa charge xa kin da hunxa 🥰,5
"Saman kasto order gareko testai aayo 
I was happy product Rmro xa satisfied",5
Satisfying product,5
Product is genuine …satisfied with the seller and product…thank you daraz,5
la thik x saman aayo vaneko jastai aako x ..kam pani garxa hola thank you,5
"Nice charger with fast charging 
Good one charger
Delivered in one day 👍",5
"Was fast and a little bit of overheating issue but overall, really good.",5
Love the products and packaging was good suggestions to buy this product,5
Very fast charging good product bhaira kinda 1200 parxa very recommend,5
This thing was less money but that thing make your phone charge full.,5
Nice product. Charge fast hunxa . Love it and also nice packaging 👍,5
Delivery was so fast and item look a like original but not original,5
Nice product quality is aslo best aaboheram katie sooma tikkaxaa,5
Paicha matra gayo mero ramro xaina firta gardinu 4 /5?din vaya na,5
"This is my second purchase (this time for mom), Totally worth it",5
Thank you ..it was quite good .I loved it ..charger is to cute ..,5
The product is very good very fast charging fo mi 13 nice nice,5
This product is nice & charge is so fast so love this product ❤️,5
Good packaging and product at reasonable price . Good to buy.,5
Good packaging and works well for my phn.... highly recommend,5
"Bhaneko jstaii xah charger.
Also fast charger at cheap price",5
Received in good condition not a fast charger but works well,5
It’s take a lot of to full charge than my previous charger,5
It’s really good quality and fast charging Thank you Daraz,5
Dhukka vayera kinda hunxa product yakdam ramro xa worthy ❤️,5
price anusar ramro xa saman.... packaging also very nice ❤️,5
"Best fast charger only in 600 👍❤️
Best genuine product ❤️",5
"normal price ma 25watt so good thak xa love it
man paryo🥰",4
Kam gareo foto ma dekhe jastai xa heram kati time chalxa,5
as good as wlexpected product with fast delivery .thanks,5
Nice charger price anusar thik xa fast nai hunxa charge,5
Good product 10 days of using but still perfectly using,5
I love the product. Would definitely recommend this🫶🏼,5
Nice product for the price range.Package was also good.,5
sabai le kinnu hola akdam ramro xa ani delivery fast x,5
"Dami xa , 🔥🔥🔥 2-3 choty kine sake hai moilae chai",5
Charger is good ..but quality of charger is not good,5
Packaging to product all feels premium. Good quality,5
It’s good quality.Thank you daraz for this charger ❤️,5
really love it both the price and quality are good,5
i love the charger kati fast charging huni raixa 😍,5
Bought 2nd time & is same as before! Good product,5
Charger ko quality ramro xa ani delivery was fast,5
"working well for iphone 11
1 hour mai 0-80 pughxa",5
Baball xa kei na hare direct kinda hunxa❤️‍🔥💗,5
"Charge ne Thikai huna
Rayxa but nice quality 😋",5
Saman Thikai Rmro lagyo price anusar Thikai ho,5
"wowowowow 
    fast charging 
    outstanding",5
The delivery is fast and product is also good,5
Love the product .Fast charge and affordable,4
Recieved the product and worth the price !!,5
"Yekdam Ramro xa charger
 thank you so much",5
499 ma iphone charger paisa wasul xa 10/10,5
good deal. have not open up. package is ok,5
product goodd. Ramrae cha lina saknu hunxa,5
Absolutely amazing product. Just Loved it!,5
Nice one. Yetiko price range ma ramro xa,5
great product😍 delivery fast. reliable,5
Ramro xa hai quality smmoth sab babal xa,5
Very good product  price was very cheep,5
Very good quality fast charging as well,5
product is  good according to price ☺️.,5
"nice one 👍, working properly,, 🙂👍👍",5
Price anusar ek damm ramro xa tq Daraz,5
The product is good and works so fast,5
Worth it product according this price,5
Rate ramro xa Tara charging Hunaina,5
Nice! Affordable ani effective tbh❤️,5
fast delivery ♥️♥️♥️ damiiiiii xa,5
"fast charge hunxa,ekdam ramro xah",5
Fast Charger.. Affordable Price..,5
maile 4 wota li sake damiiii xaa,5
Cost 💲 rw product babal xa 🔥🔥,5
Charger is working thank you 😊,4
good one budget aanusar ramro xa,5
Nice support fast charge ❤️🫶🏻,5
Thank you so much Daraz app❤️🫶,5
Price anusar best product 👍🏻,5
dami cha yeti ko price ma ❤️,5
Recommended….. best quality,5
fast delivery vayo thank you,5
Very nice product. Thank you,5
Ram ro hoina ke yo charger,5
It’s good.Thank you Daraz,5
good quality 👍👍👍❤️❤️😘,5
Very very good charger 👍,5
I like this product ❤️,5
wow fast hunxa chgr,5
received thank you,5
Charge nai hudaina,5
Perfect⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️,5
Very expensive 😊,5
Awesome product,5
Cheap and good,5
Best  chargers,5
Thank you Daraz,5
good Quality.,5
ramroo xa hai,5
Its best 😀😀,5
Good Charger,5
It was good,5
Good cha hai,5
Good product,5
Worth it ❤️,5
dami lagiyo,5
I like it,5
ramro xaaa,5
Nice,5
ramro xa,5
Nananan,5
It’s good,5
Nice xa,5
Lovely,5
good,4
wow,5
good,5
Like it..,5
Got it.,5
Charging hunxa Tara fast charging chai hudaina. iPhone 12 pro full charge Ko lagi 4 hours lagxa,3
Good fast charging nice products affordable price,3
Good product 👍🏻👍🏻🥰,3
very good products at lowest price,5
good product at reasonable price,5
Charger ramrai xa but ekdam slow charge hunxa review ma sab ko fast charge hunxa vanyeko vayera ligyeko lastai slow xa,5
"Product delivered on time .

Nrs 449 3pin wala charger order gareko Nrs 389 wala 2pin wala pathai dinu vayecha....
lets see how long will it last.
charger ko wire pani ekdaam hard raicha.",2
i am using this on my 13pro max. its working nicely i found its charging 1% in 1.5 min its really worth in this price,5
Got the product but tyo type c pin adapter ko ali bango thiyo but afai milyo . Good product you can buy fast delivery and box seal packed thiyo which is nice 👌👌,5
Sir or ma’am yo charger le ramro kam garena mero I phone 11 ho slow charge vo maile k garnu yo return ki lage k garnu perne ho malei fast charger charyako ho,5
the product worked well and was delivered on time. it feels premium. I'll update my review based on my usage in a couple of months,5
The cable is too stiff and does not fit as intended. The wiggle on both charging ports might destroy the cable within months,2
Price anusar yekdamai ramro xa charge fast naii hunxa Tara Kati din samma hunxa tyo Herman cable bigrinxa ki naii tyo ni Herat aru ta sabai ramro xa❤️☺️,4
Decent packing using it for just few hours give more genuine reviews after using it more for now it looks promising,5
"Amazing fast charger for the price. Totally worth it, charged my iPhone 6s from 40 to 80 in just 15 minutes",5
Got it. Well packed. Looks nice quality as well. Charger Prety nicely. Let’s see how long it lasts. Will update,5
Got the product @ offer  price 374. Charge chahi fast nai rahexa ipone xs Max ma. Aba kati tikau hunxa hernai parxa.,5
"For now charger work perfectly and fast charge ni gardinx 
hope ki battery lai kei asar kei gardaina lets see in future",5
It broke down in less than two weeks.No after-sales service.And no one responded to the message.Buy with caution,1
"Charger thikai cha but data cable support garena Mero mobile Ma , exchange Ko lagi Call gareko seller Lai Call Nai receive garnu bayena . Adapter Matra use Gardai chu Arko data Cable kinera",5
product ramro xa. suru ma dar lagdai thiyo but product satisfactory xa. dhukka le kinda hinxa yedi kinne soch ma hunhunxa vane,5
Sbai ko review herer magako ho maile ni 14pro ko lagi roix Mero phn11 paryo.ab 14ko charger 11ma nvako ho ki k ho??but charger chai man pren Mlai hai.daraz bat kahile ni disappoint vako thiyen aaj vaye,5
ekdam ramro xah iphone 7 8 11 12 13 sama laie majaley charge hunxah sasto  yeti pauna vneako ramro ho good product,5
Thik xa malae chaii chitta bujyo personally review dida…lida vayo tapoii haru ley…dokan ma 2500 vanihalxa yaa lida faidaii xa😃,5
Charger dami rahexa socheko vanda badhi nai ramro xa Majja le kinda hunxa sabai le fast charger nihh hunxa …same to same original charger Jasto xa 😍😍❤️,5
Hi just got this phone chalaudei herda paxi 3 minutes ma 7% charge badhyo quite good for this price range aba let’s see again after a while,5
Eakdam ramro xa product fast charge ne hunxa  khasai phone heat ne vayena yesle garye paxi ta eakdam nai ramro xa sabai le leda hunxa,5
Good quality its charges phone normally bcz my phone doesn’t supports 20 watt soo it’s pretty good,5
good product,5
Worth price ramro xa tra cbl ali quality kam ko xa anyway good cable chai orginal nai kinnu parxa,5
"I got a charger for the price of a data cable. That's good, and the charging is also quite fast.",5
"चार्जर एकदम original छ अनि राम्रो छ है साथीहरु..
पैसा हालि्किन्दा कुनै पछुतो छैन..
एकदम राम्रो",5
It was defective…. Didn’t work at all…. Waste of money better buy a product of good quality….,5
Its working fine. Ekdam fast ta xaina but ofc its nice according to price. Thank you so much,5
It’s very nice and delivery is also fast malai ta eakdam dami lagi over fast charge hunxa,5
under 500 the charge is very worth it so everyone recommend to go for it and try for it,5
I love it this,5
good,5
Ramrai xa k re ab hijo bata ta ho chalako 2 4 din heram kastko Hunxa tespaxi vanilla,5
"Yekdam sahi cha, original ko jasto kaam cha,…,you can trust it…,I’m fully satisfied",5
slow charge why 25 watt in charger box ? why sir very slowly charge iphone 11 pro,5
Thikai x tera 80 vanda mathii Ali time laudai x tera kei xaian yo price maa☘️❤️‍🩹,5
malai chai 25 wat ko nai adapter ako xah tara speed chai normal nai xa charging ko,5
Ekdam ramro xah fast charge hunxa ekdam man paryooo🥰😍sasto ma ramro xah ekdamm,5
25 watt ko haina raixa so disappointed this time sasto aruko review herey ra leko,5
"Nice product with the price 
Will see how far its work
Value for money product",5
"Ramroo xa 
Fast charging hunxa 
Wire chai halka choto raixa natra all good👍",5
wow ekdam ramro xa pic ma vye jastaii  quality ni ekdam ramro xa thank uuu,5
Delivery pani fast as well as charging ni fast Akdam manparyo thank you 😊,5
3rd time purchasing …fast charging..excellent quality on cheap price 👍👍,5
Ramro xa buy garda hunxa but charge normally nai hunxa fast chai hudaina,2
I like the product…it works perfectly fine…thank you team Daraz..cheers,5
nice charger good changer for my iphone x let seee what will day by day,4
"Wire doesn’t seems to be fine but adaptor is good . 
Value for money .",5
"One of the best product on this price, this is absolutely worth buying.",5
derai derai ramro xa ekdam babal xa ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️good,5
Pahilo jati fast charge hunthyo pixadi tyasto fast charge vane vayena,5
It is a great product for the price point. Very fancy and efficient,5
"I am impressed with the product, you can buy without any confusion.",5
For the price i paid i am satisfied with both product and delivery,5
It was my first order from Daraz and kinda fully satisfied with it.,5
"Well packaging and worth it 
 also delivery is to fast 
Loved it ❤️",5
धेरै धेरै राम्रो छ ढुक्कले किन्दा हुन्छ धन्यवाद पसले साहुजीलाई 🙏,5
Works well for now. Charges my iphone 13 pro at a decent speed.,5
mah yo charger use garirako xu . ramro xa overall thankyou🫶🏻❤️,5
Good product fast charging pani hunxa anee quality ni ramro xa,5
Product chinese ho teini ramrai kaam garxa sabley kinada hunxa,5
So cheap ma product chai dami xa …2nd time Oder on same charger,5
Nice and clean. Got in time and product is as shown in picture.,5
1 months vako xaina jalera yesto vayo its not worth it to buy.,1
Product is very good .Halka heat hunxa tara fast charge hunxa,5
Very nice product and packaging💕worth buying for iphone users,5
"Awesome product, ekdum ramro cha charge pani ati fast huncha",5
Good very very very good fast charging halka chakap ni deko,5
charge fast vairacha ... happy to buy it in 11:11 offer ❤️,5
good prodcuts anyone can buy good prodcuts seller thanks,5
Fine according to price using with mfi certified cable .,4
ati sastoma atiko charger paunu akdam khusiko kura ho.,5
Ramro xa dhukka vayara lida hunxa og ni vanna matra ho,5
"ramro xa, after using one week,charge pani xitai hunxa",5
Very good compatible with any iphones above iphone x,5
iPhone 15 pro maa babbal fast charge support gariraxa,5
so bad this product one use and no charge phon 😡😡😡,5
The packaging is good price is best and stuff is good,5
Chadai aayo saman ava herum katiko tikxa yeo dam ma,5
What do you think of the quality and appearance?good,5
Loved this product. You all should give it a try🫶🏼,5
Good malai chai yati ko price mah ekdam man paryo 😘,5
"shipping on time, product is also good and worth it",5
Ramro xa value for money ani charge ni xitai hunxa,4
i like it it was very good and fast charger🫶🏻🫵🏻,5
working good right now will see on upcoming days 😊,5
Good quality better than the price fast charging,5
Charge thikai x fast..kati samaye tikx heram ab...,5
Cable nei chaleko chaina but adapter work nicely,5
its made in china still work good you can buy it.,5
Delivery boy is good person and speak so humbly.,5
bought twice one for home one for office perfect,5
It’s good tara ali dherai nai heat hudo rahexa.,4
"Good quality and delivered in 2 days 
Thabk you",5
"worst chalako 3,4 din mei datacable bigryoooo🤮",5
Product was good and the price also reasonable,5
"Build quality good, heavy rahica adapter ne 👍",5
Very nice product and quality is also Soo good,5
"Good, nice, worthy product. Timely delivered",4
Sabai ramro Cha reasonable price all goods tq,5
Good as per price. Fast charging. Good price,5
The charger is soo good at this price range.,5
Babal xa lida hunxa sab le Khatra xa Khatra,5
Fast charging nice charger can buy trusted,5
Good one till now. Let's see in the future,5
"Ramro raixa but adeptor halka tatne raixa,",5
Fast charging good product in chipest price,5
Arrived on a overnight. Perfect accessory.,5
said 25 what but received 35 watt not good,5
Dami xa guys dukka vayera kinnus la👍👍👍,5
Thik xa yeti ko price ma  kinda hunxa💐🙌,5
good product and fast delivery aswell,5
Just got the charger Will review later,5
Nice products with past charging speed,5
Babal xa haii Sab Konami bdjdjdndndnff,5
"Nice product 
Loved it 
Thanks Daraz",5
its work nice with reasonable price,5
Good product for this price range 🥳,5
It is nice product but heat faster,5
"Worth itt 
Very affordable price 🫡",5
fast delivery and chger is too good,5
Good according to the price.......,5
One day chalayo tespaxi chalana 😢,5
Good in quality but heats up fast,5
Fast charging and convenient 🫰🏻,5
hoin charge nai hudain ta k vako,5
very excellent product i like it,5
charge ramro cha kinda huncha.,5
Best for the price…worth buying,5
Ho charge quickly ramroo lagyoo,5
It’s good and working very fine,5
Price anusar thikai xa product.,4
Awsome product value for money,5
Babal cha lastai fast huncha,5
Product is quite impressive..,5
It was great arrived on time,5
Ramroo xah haii product chai,5
It is good for the low budjet,5
"Good, ramrai xa Thikai lageo",5
Ramro xaa fast charge hunxaa,5
"Yes its working
I loved this",5
Best product in best price 😋,5
thikae xah product ramrae xah,4
Good product in cheap price,5
Ramro xaaina hai slow charge,5
Chuwak x Lida hunx chill ma,5
Pretty good for this price,5
It’s good as much as price,5
ekdam ramro xah Lida hunxa,5
Cheap&best thank you daraz,5
I guess it is worth price,5
Best at this price range,5
Nice product fast charge,5
"Product was good, thanks",5
Nice product😊 Thank you,5
It’s good to purchase 🥰,5
Ramrai xa aile sama ta,5
Very effective product,5
Price anusar ramro xa,5
nice and fast delivery,5
Good quality suitable,5
Charger ramroo xa 👍🏼,5
till good until today,5
price anisar ranro xa,5
Works fine for now tq,5
Good and unexpected,5
I like it very well,5
Very good product❤️,5
Ekdamm damii cha 😘,5
satisfying product,5
Very nice product,5
It’s too good ❤️❤️,5
Nice fast charger,5
Very nice product,5
Love the product,5
Loved the product,5
It’s working good,5
Nice fast charger,5
Awesome product❤️,5
2 din mai bigriyo,5
yo price ramro xa,5
I like this.. 😍,4
Good product👌🏼,5
Fast charging,5
Kam bai gardens,5
on of thhe bedt,5
