review,rating
ramro cha yo price ma aba kati tikcha heram daily use 2 month target cha 😀,4
yo price ma ramro saman aako xa  size Pani vaneko jastaii Ako xa j hos Malai chaii ramro Lago,5
good,5
dami x price anusar,5
yo K ho mero name vitra arkai ko name xatw shoes pani arkai xa tyo pani 1 size thulo shoes tai vako vayani lau thiya🤬😤,5
Nice I got what was expected but the lace metal loop are too sharp scratches the leaces but i fixed it using metal wedge but worth it compared to the price,5
quality rmro xa photo ma dekheko jastai product paeyo n delivery nii xitai vayo overall fully satisfied,4
"I ordered 41 size but got 40 ,but it still fits . Boots are in good quality . Delivered all the way from Madhesh Province to Kathmandu (outside Ring Road) in 5 days.",4
yo K ho mero name vitra arkai ko name xatw shoes pani arkai xa tyo pani 1 size thulo shoes tai vako vayani lau thiya🤬😤,5
Saman jasto dhekhayeko xa same ramro xa aaba use Garda kasto hunxa 🤞🤞hope it's good in use too 😁😁,4
For this price its worth it . even i ordered 41 size but i received 40 size but it fits well. Overall satisfied,5
soche jastai aayo 💐❤️ramro xa 💐 love this  blindly Lida hunxa sabai jana le genuine review ho hai ❤️💐,5
I want to exchange it. I have ordered a size 39 but it does not fit in my foot. I think size 40 will fit my foot.,5
k order greko k pathaidiyo paisa matrai gyo return grna paryo msg reply grnu tait wait Pani 1 week garayo lastma Saman Pani vangaar pathai dyo,5
Wow! Nice Product. I am very Happy 😊. It good Product in low price 😀.  Daraz is believable App. Thank You Daraz.,5
एकदम हजारभन्दा कम दाममा एकदम दामी जुत्ता लिन सक्नुहुन्छ साथीहरु 🙏🙏🫶🫶 thank you for siller,5
boot is so good according to price but delivery is so slow. I got my order  after 13 days,5
"I recommend to buy this, this is amazing 🤩 product with genuine price.",4
"Value for money ra🤑🤑
Quality Pani ठीक-ठाक nahin chha👌👌
Tara delivery late vayo😔😔",5
Beautiful product in this price range totally worth it ❤️,5
Ramro chha.price anusar man paro.delivery person pani humble lago.so setisfied.,5
yetiko price ma derae ramro quality ho❤️ ani sole ko finishing ni babaal😃😃,5
piece aanusar ramro xa quality Pani thek xa Mai ta ramro xu thanks for draz,5
"It's good. I think it's worth the price 
Let's see how much it is durable",5
"Not bad.
Dr.Martin orginal lagauna ta sakiyena tara ramro x yo pani.",5
best shoes wonderful design very much satisfied with your product,5
"price anusar ramro xa ,quality teti ramro xaina,haluka xa lauda",5
The quality is not that bad. The appearance looks majestic tho.,4
yo price rate ma babbal xa shoes...I recommend you to get it 🔥,5
"yes totally worth it 
thanks",5
is okay for the price. it is more rounded than i thought,5
I got wrong size 😌I ordered 42& got19 how to exchange?,5
I don't want to return.Sorry! for the inconvenience.,5
yaar k oder gare k aayo . shoes pharak x change garnu,5
Size halka sano xa ra shoe ko finishing ramro xaina,5
Looks good boots to wear. Let see after wearing it.,5
quality price range ko hisab le babbal xa hai,5
"Ali late ayo saman 
otherwise Product rmro xa",4
price anusar ekdum thik xa dhukka lida hunxa,4
as price it's good and best....I like it,5
Saman farak aayo hou kasto ignore garko,5
herda ta ramro cha aba kati tikne ho ?,4
"Socha Banda ramro cha 😊
best price 😄",5
good for this price range. thank you.,5
As per price the quality is good 😊👍,5
chain damage vayeko saman aayeko xa,5
ramro chha  use  garna Ni sajilo chh,5
according to price shoes is best🫡.,5
"Nice 
Cheap Price 
Good Quality 💯",5
Go for it guys. You won’t regret.,5
ek dum ramro and comfortable 🥰,5
price anusar ramro xa juta,5
yekdam ramro product xa,5
Godd product Go for it,5
42ko magako 39 aayo,5
dam good I love it,5
great for the price,5
great 👍 babal xa,5
saman tw bbl xa,5
good 👍 ramro xa,5
I'm satisfied 👍,5
Dami lago,5
nice shoes,5
babbal xa,5
Thanks,5
Good one.,5
nice 🙂,5
price anusar thikai ho but shoelace chai damage vako xa shoes material Ali patalo lagyo but price wise good nai xa,3
ramro jutta vanera kineko damage jutta parexa .,2
thikai xa product prize anushar ko delivery Pani time mai bayo,3
saman vanekai aako xaa tara seller ko response tyo chi thik lagena,5
Socha vnda dheraiiiii rmro product xah thnku so much daraz ☺️,4
what i order what i get 😭,3
worth it under 1000,3
"Ekdam ramro xa quality. Thank you for this to seller 
Delivery pani suitable time ma vyo 
Yo product purchase garda kunai regret chai hudaina ❤️wonderful",5
This is my 5th time buying shoes from this store and guess what I'm totally satisfied with their product. Though the delivery time is bit longer cause of location but the product and service they provide is top notch. fully satisfied with seller and daraz delivery ✨,5
"I am really unhappy by product i order martin normal 
it's a zip chain martin 
this is my last product 
I highly recommend don't buy a product in daraz",5
Ekdum low quality discount Hawa ra Bekarma discount ko halla garxa tesko price without discount nai RS 1000 enough. Not leather also,5
"Ekdam babbal.Dhukka vayara kinda hunxa price aanusar ta ya bata kinera arko jutta pasal ma 500 profit khayara bechna milni jasto xa 
babbal xa hai shoe chai❤️❤️",5
This is really worth the price. I can't ask for more at this price. Sadly the size didn't fit me and it was small. 40 would've been the best size for me but i didn't initiate the return because I don't want to go through all the hassle. I gifted this shoe so i am least concerned about money being wasted.,5
"thikkai lago 
tara original leather navara plastic leather ho jasto xaa tei ni thik xa herau kati tikxa",4
"I don't say it's good for me, I don't say it's not good either.The shoes is  fine, because  shoes is fine depending on the cost  . quality is totally low and a little bit damage shoal of shoes but it's good.",5
j magako ho tehi order send garne garne hola ... customer ko paisa falera aaudaina usle ni kamayekai hunxa,1
Its good for price range but little difficult to wear because of its narrow space at top,4
What is this this behaviour i order what and got what please replace this product,1
impressive,5
i ordered Martin boots but I got another pair and it looks like girls boots,1
"it is not a pure leather ... 
telling lie not satisfaction product..😡....",5
yes yo ekdam ramro xa price anusar quality t dherai ramro ho ..I loved it,5
oder garda jasto tiyo testai paea aaba lagaeara hernu chhaa👍️👍️👍️,5
this is not fit in size SO I guess this product is not good for uss,5
as expected the delivery was very good and the shoes was awesome 💯,5
the boot was good and the quality is also good! love the product!!,4
it's great the quality is there and delivery man needs a raise.!,5
this product is good 😊 man paryo kinda hunxa hjr hru ley 😊❣️,5
"Quality is so good acc.  to price ❤️
Better than expected",5
"It is good as shown in above, genuinely its is wort it !",5
it's not bad with this offering price let's see to use,4
Quality average xa delivery time halka sudharnu paryo,5
good,5
"bacha ko size pathaune ho .
dekhau xa k pathau xa k",5
it's was good and so comfortable with good quality,5
price anusar thikai tara mali personally low lagyo.,5
Thikai lago ab quality chai kasto xa herna bakinxa,5
Mero 43 ko cahinxa 42 ko roixa change garnu parxa,5
good quality according to price worth the wait,4
"okay 👍 ramro xa.
price anusar ramro ho.
good",4
sole xainw Branding logo xainw na finishing xa,1
it's good quality  and thank you for service,4
very good in quality and got in best packing,5
love the price and item as well 😊❣️😡😘😍❤️,5
Quality is very good according to the price,5
value for money nice not that best but good,5
The quality of shoe is Great at this price,4
Cheap but best product according the price,5
also a good shoes to buy in premium price,5
worth it good product at reasonable price,5
just so so ..which in photo not in real .,5
ahh price anusar chai thikai bhnna parla,5
it's really good and comfy to be honest,5
Quality chai poisa aanusar nai xa hai,5
Saman ta thik cha kati tikcha heram,5
saman ramroi xa yatiko Price ma ❤️,5
side bata janxa glue use gareko xa,5
ati ramro babal Ani quality best❤️,5
delivery late xa k xito hunu paryo,4
"Ramro xa yrr shoes 
 nice quality",5
good quality  and best deliavery,5
As per photo.. best as per price,5
poisa anusar quality thikei hoo,5
I want to rturn ine oder can I,5
i ordered 45. but reveived 35,5
it is really nice 🙂 product,5
मैले 42 भनेको थिया 41 होइन,5
price anushaar raamrai cha,5
Photo dekhe jasto reality ma na hudo raixa,3
I like it thanks daraz,5
Nice wuality honestly,5
👏🏿 same rcv vayeo,5
third classes shoes,5
Nice as expected!,5
size is different,5
same parsal good,5
size nai mildina,5
Shoe size milena,5
Good quality...,4
sohes ta ramro xa but maile sano size ko order garexu,5
Product is good,5
it was alright,5
good product,5
not satisfied,5
good quality,5
good quality,5
good quality,5
waste product,5
Good product,5
it was nice,5
As shown ❤️,5
seems good,4
nice shown,5
acceptable,5
great,5
nice,5
good,5
good,4
not bad,5
ramro xa,5
Dami,5
not good,5
ramro xa,5
