review,rating
"Overall, this laptop stand does the job, but there’s definitely room for improvement. The hinges are a bit too loose, which affects the stability but after placing laptop  it doesn't slips out of position. 

The rubber tape is  attached but not good  as advertised . I think it will be gonna deatached out soon

If the hinges were tighter, this would easily be a 5-star product.",4
Product is good and functions nice. Rubber attached in laptop holding area and surface area keep laptop still and stagnant. Satisfied 😊,4
quality 105% best lageyo ani finishing pani dhirahi ramro xa mero laptop Acer swift go 14b OLED Model ko ma stand aali hight vayo jasle garda pura lod hinch ma parna gayo 14 inch ko laptop ko lagi aali thik lagen 14 inch vanda mathi ko laptop ko lagi yekdam best 👌  hunxa mero bichar ma maile tw return garnu vanda yeslai modify garerw use garne soch gare,5
"Well it works well . It's really good for gaming and studying . The main catch is it is the best for space management. Just to flex, I'm Elden lord 🥰",5
The product is exact as shown in the picture. Delivery was also very quick. It is a good product and is ergonomic as well.,4
"Well it works well . It's really good for gaming and studying . The main catch is it is the best for space management. Just to flex, I'm Elden lord 🥰",5
"it is better than expected 
has good weight and looks durable 
has good rubber paddings 
best at this price",5
Wonder full laptop stand it is fully made of metal which is durable for years . Recommended from my side you should purchase it,4
"it's really really nice product ,i like it, good material,fast delivery, affordable price , thank you 💐💐",5
"My laptop is 14 inch, and it fits well but rubber sticker was placed at wrong place at the bottom due to which it was slippery. I placed it at the right place and it is steady now. Anyway good product.",5
loved this one... is same as shown and works well... thank you daraz and seller... happy with the purchase.,5
The product is exact as shown in the picture. Delivery was also very quick. It is a good product and is ergonomic as well.,4
"This product exceeded my expectations with its quality, reliability, and ease of use. Excellent value for money, highly recommend it to anyone seeking durability, efficiency, and satisfaction in daily use",5
"I ordered 2 of them.
1. One of them has this weird patch on it.
2. Both of them are uneven.",4
good product price aunsar but height lock garni niskeko niskai huniraicha but worth it !,5
The stand is good at first I thought it was lose but when i put my laptop it seem strudy,5
excellent products and same as shown in the picture and thanks for this product daraz,5
"product is good...at this price..
price worthy...thank you daraz for this product..",5
"Ok quality, quite uneven footings and unstable until you put yr laptop",4
It’s been 2 years and I’m still using it. That means it is durable.,5
"No problem with it so far..
The product is sturdy and seems of good quality
I'd recommend it.",4
Nice one 😃😃😃 also fast delivery ko lagi dhanyabad 🙏🙏🙏,5
if extra some  features are added then it would be best.,5
it was awesome as expected thanks.for the good service,5
perfect....can buy it....majale support garxa laptop,5
"Just received, Great product
Best value for money",5
Very good product and packaging. I recommend it.,5
it's fine. you can buy it without hesitation.,5
nice easy to use and helps to reduce overheat,5
Nice very nice nicest good very good goodest,5
Quite good as per price . And stable too .,5
Pokhara ma 1000 vanetiyo sasto mae payo,5
"Nice product. Perfectly worked as expected 👍️
Satisfied with the product and service 😀",5
"does it's job, what more can you say",5
It was good product. Thanks seller.,5
"its amazing,real product and away from my imagination😍",5
"It is perfect as it was shown in the picture. Works well with my Lenovo LOQ 15.6 inches. It is sturdy and doesn't wobble. With the rubber grips, it can hold up to 17 inches laptops or laptops with a weight of 3 kg easily. I'm impressed with this product....I definitely recommend it😁👍✨",5
decent and sturdyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy,5
Price anusaar ko thikai chha.,5
Great value for money,5
it's working well,5
I wasn't expecting it to be as effective as it really is. The stand seems durable enough and can firmly hold my heavy laptop. The portability is a cherry on top and it even comes with a small bag. Overall a great product. Value for price 👌,5
good product,4
nice,5
thikai lagho jehos yo price range ma ramro xa😊,4
Just the way I envisioned it to be and that makes me really happy.,5
typ stand lai jodni chai plastic ko raixa so testo rameo vamdina aru no doubt sab ramro xa just tyo full metal vaye ko vaye ekdam ramro,3
It is fine but i saw some visible rust marks behind the stand one arm is slightly loose but it is working fine,3
best quality,5
Well! i got this stand. And in good condition. Packaging is so good. hope it will last long. 😊 But i think it is expensive.,4
"it is quite strong product to hold heavyweight laptop too.. seems durable as it is made of aluminium. 
the product was well packed when received,but could be better if a case bag to carry the stand along while carrying along laptop.",4
Ekdam ramro stand Dherai strong raixa mero 16 inch ko laptoplai muzzle vyo.bokera hidnu pni sajilo raixa.Seller dherai helpful ani responsible hunuhunxa.recommend to all buyers.,5
it's very strong and good quality material stand.i am really happy.mero 16 inch ko laptop ko lagi muzzle fit vyo.yo price ma yeti ramro product provide garnu vayeko ma Thank you Daraz.fully satisfied😃😃,5
price ko hisab lea ramro ho Lida hunxa malai xai dami nai lago loved it 🥰,5
nice product although a little bit tilting problem,3
one of the support pin is SHORTER than the other and because of this there is a slight gap between the base and laptop on one side(last pic) while there is no gap on another side.,2
"Build quality is quite good but lowest configuration ma stable nahudo raxa baki configuration ma ramro xa
ani rakhne pouch pani ramro xa",5
It was so preety good and very usefulI.I got 7 adjustable level.As shown in the picture as expected.THANK YOU DARAZ Seller aswell.I Recommended.,5
It's pretty much okayish for the price but at times it slips off.,4
"This stand fit okay for my 16 inch Dell laptop, although it felt a bit small. For smaller laptop it fits perfectly. The build of the stand is also good and made of metal, and seems a good value for the price. Delivery was also really quick.",4
Works perfectly. 👌,5
it's the best on its price segment. it holds my 15.6 inch laptop perfectly and strongly recommend 😄,5
"Very very flimsy. The left side of the stand is weaker than the right side. Other than that, it does the job fine. You get what you pay for I guess.",2
"Really impressed by the quality, strength and the usefullness of the product. Certainly would recommend anyone who knows its function. So, just go for it, the product is superb👍",5
Very useful product for laptop.same as shown the picture.full body aluminium material.I like and Love it.Tq Daraz I recommend.😄😄😄,5
"About Product :
The product is good. Its made up of aluminium. Ali ali shake vaye pani its not that bad. Sticky grips harule garda table ma stable hunxa. Mero 14"" ko laptop majale rakhna mileko xa. Socheko vanda chai stand ko size ali sanai lagyo but its very useful for what it does.

About Seller:
Seller ni ekdam ramro ho. Suru ma maile stand order garda aadha samma matra khulne partially defective jasto thiyo rw bag ni ako thena but after talking with seller for few times he exchanged it. I will buy from him again.",4
"The product is identical to what is shown in the description. It is indeed a high quality product, the packaging was also good.I will definitely recommend it.",5
Wow really Amazing product.Whole body aluminum and looks preety Thank you DARAZ Seller aswell🤗🤗🤗,5
loved he product.Daro pani raixa,5
It's a good one for this price range.,5
Nice product. It is sturdy.,5
very good product.                                          #review_wrapup,4
"Eakdam ramro stand raixa. Quality ni babbal raixa
I highly recommend to buy this product",5
Another satisfied customer 🙌,5
"Packaging was very good and delivery was on time. Product is solid and sturdy. Could have been a little bit more expandable for larger laptops. But, overall it's a good product in my opinion.",4
Ramrai chha,3
"The packaging was great, but not convinced with the product itself, which is slightly lose on the left side. Don’t feel safe enough. Would really appreciate an exchange if possible.",3
its Really Amazing Stand Built With Full Aluminum.All Daraz Customers Who Want This Product Plz Without Any Doubt Buy it.This Product 7 level Adjustment level And Looking So Preety.I Am Really Happy With This Product.SELLER Was Very Helpful And Responsible.Thank you DARAZ And Good Seller.I Recommend To All Of You.,5
The stand is functional at best. Definitely not worth 1000 rs. The finishing is very bad and there are a lot of scratches out of the box. The connections are not rigid and doesn't feel robust.,2
10/10. I was skeptic but this product is very good. Gives proper support. It works good for my 14in laptop too.,5
Ramro xa hai laptop stand Tara stand ko aauta khutta sani aauta thulo xa tara tesle teti farak pardaina.,5
Definitely not worth your money! It came with multiple scratches and seems to be used! The whole stand is bent to one side and will not still stable when the laptop is placed. very weak and bad build quality.,1
"Bought it previously from the same seller, this time it was slightly different and of a lower quality.",5
Looks decent till but i used to think ki laptop ko size jattrai hunx but hudo rainx anyway laptop chahi addiyo,5
"As i bought it on flash sale i was not so sure about the quality. But now as i got to use the product, it is AMAZING. Strong, Steady and looks great too.
It worked for my 14"" laptop. Not sure about the price range tho.",5
Laptop stand is pretty good. It is also good for heavy  laptop. Anyone can buy this stand for your laptop.,5
"the stand does not stand firmly on the floor. one side of the locker is okay to go but the next side locker doesn't stay in place.
  i still need support to make it firmly stay in the floor and locker to get locked correctly.

 is there any exchange available? if yes, how can I?",2
Good for this price range but the lower grip is not so good because it's not gripping properly on the table.,4
holds my 16 inch laptop well. it's kinda wobbly but it's not really a problem considering it's price. I would rate it 4.5/5,5
Very sturdy and good grips. Also loving the pouch it comes in.,5
I had been using 1 weeks... It is of outstanding quality and hold my Asus a15 laptop properly.,5
"Works.
A bit flimsy in build quality but as long as it holds the laptop, fine with me.",4
Nice stand works really well for my legion 2024 model as well which us 16” and 2.5 kg.,5
Works just fine. The build is okayish. The grip rubber at the ends gets off easily.,4
Satisfied with the product. Intact and strong.,5
I have ordered 7 mode foldable but i got 6 mode only so not believable store,4
It's small comparing to the images posted by the reviewer. Check my images.,3
The product quality is quite good and satisfying.👍,5
The laptop stand is of good quality. I am totally satisfied with this stand.,5
Great Product works as shown but bag ko quality naramro theo natrw everything else is great... just airflow rw height ko lai great option..,4
just looking like a wow 🤯,5
"its been more than 6 months , works perfectly well and definitely improved my laptop thermals too",5
Great product with lots of adjustments available. Product is worth buying.,5
"Title says 7 level adjustment, got 6level even though there is written 7 level in box. very poor service from the seller and size is not recommended for above 15 inch laptop. Very disappointed.",1
Had to take out the excess aluminum by myself but a very nice product for the price! Would recommend other brands if you need a more premium finish though but can't complain for this price!,5
7 level vaneko thiyo buy Garda but 6 level matra cha but does the job done for me. yetiko price ma thikai ho.,4
"the stand part is not attached, there is no pin holding that part, i would like to return this and hope i'll get a proper one",2
"the items is not as mentioned in photo. 
there is no one stand . i want to return this and get a new one",1
I received it in good condition and i uses for few minutes and it was good,5
highly satisfied with the product,5
product Sahi Lago malai laptop chiplela ki vanne lageko thiyo but chiplidaina rahexa hallauda Pani,5
500 ma best nai product ho hai best nai xa study ko lagi best nai huncha,5
dai haru lai ali garo vayo  . bato apthyaro vayera tara chitai deliever vayo .. ramro xa thankyou,5
Very good and good value for money,5
"Delivery : 9/10 
Quality : 9/ 10
Packaging : 9/10 
Price : 9/10",4
quality is so good more stable stand so you can buy without hesitation,5
"didn't lived up to my expectations though, too slippery in glass table.",5
It was nice product it is more easy and comfortable to use😊,5
Wow recieved a good and quality product at a reasonable price thank you DaraZ ……❤️❤️❤️🔥🔥🔥,5
very good product,5
This is very nice product . It is suitable for 15 inch laptop also.,5
"Value for money
Quality was good
Packaging was also good",4
"little flimsy for my 17inch laptop. But for the price, its okay.",4
It easily supports heavy gaming laptop like acer nitro.,5
"Does what it's supposed to do, would recommend it.",5
"Sturdy, easy to carry and affordable just what students need.",5
Really sturdy amazing product. Highly recommended,5
great product. Loved it. its been a year using this now.,5
item is good for this price my laptop is comfortable now,5
works great on 17 inch laptop. Been using for a month and it's working fine,5
sturdy . exactly what it says . like it for the price.,5
Worth it at this price..its sturdy and of good quality,5
i mean its aluminium works as advertised pretty sturdy,5
"I was supposed to get PAN Bill for 2 product but got the bill for only one .. Kindly Provide the authentic Bill..
Product is Good !!",3
"Good quality product, nice packaging, timely delivery",5
"The product is really good.
Thankyou❤️",5
pretty good for the price but one of the stand wasn't fitting properly,4
Really helpful. As good as expected,5
Can hold 15 inch laptop easily. Looks like it can last long. Thanks,5
been a month since using it.its a decent product,5
"nice , very useful and safe at the office desk..",5
Very comfortable to use. Quality is also good.,5
Sturdy and holds laptop well..,5
Love it... worth the price...,5
Perfectly fitting for 16 inch laptop.,5
thik xa not that amazing not that bad either,5
I got damaged one. Online vanera damaged product pathako hoki,1
Excellent! Very useful product for frequent laptop users.,5
"Ekdam ramro cha , jasto dekhako testai chai",5
product overall thikai xa value for money,4
good quality product at affordable price!,5
wrong products delivery,1
I have received a defective piece with a screw missing.,1
it's a good deal with discounted price 👍,5
I just luv the product according  to its price its nice,5
The product is good. Value for the money,4
"gifted my friend, had a good experience",5
Nice product .loved it ❤️,5
good it seems robust to use for laptop,5
it is worth it. exactly like I ordered,5
dami lagyo price anushar ko ramro xa,5
Nice product and price is reasonable,5
it's good. now I will be able to work comfortably,5
decent. Could be more better it was wide enough,4
"Good product, but little difficult to change step otherwise works well",5
little small but value for money,4
good enough for old laptops also,4
👍🏻,5
"Exactly as shown.
Does the job!",5
"Exactly as shown.
Does the job!",5
Nice product. Totally worth it,5
its really helpfull.i loved it,5
good acording to price range,5
screw got displaced within a week time.,1
amazing product and delivery guy so humble and appreciates work.,5
Good Product. Fast Delivery,5
babal cha. totally worth it,5
"Received a faulty one, so disappointed",1
Liked it. Recommend product,5
It is quite a good product.,5
it was not not as expected,5
"love it. super sturdy 
recommended ❤",5
it's actually quite nice,5
it's good for this price,5
it's pretty good worth it,4
"Thekai छ, but small then expected",5
"Nice, useful and strong product ❤️",4
गज्जब लाग्यो मलाई चाँही । Heavy रैछ अनि फिनिसिंग पनि राम्रो । तत्कालका लागि डेस्कटप मनिटर किन्नु परेन यसर्थ २२ देखि २५ हजार जोगियो । धन्यवाद दराज ।,4
"great, am using just rn.",5
durable and easy to use.,4
not as per expectation..,5
satisfied... thank you..,5
sano sano ramro nai xa,4
Ramro naii xa price anushar ko.,5
"it is unbelievable, you get fully paid back !!",4
good quality for price,4
Could easily use the product.,5
seem I got defective piece..,5
Very useful product,5
looks good go buy it,5
quality is good actually,4
"good quality and sturdy as well 💯 
ekdam sajilo ramro cha so kasaile buy gardai hunuhuncha vane dhukka saga yei seller bata kinda huncha hai ans specially thank you seller and daraz team ❤️",5
it's a good product.,5
good quality 👍👍👍,5
Over dami product ho yo,5
"Nice, worth it for the price.
good quality laptop stand and portable. loved it.",4
Build quality is awesome❤️,5
good product. nice quality,5
very good product,5
good product💕💕💕,5
ekdam babal xa hai,5
very nice product love it,5
works as intended,5
i find it helpful,4
"study, very good.",5
quality seem good,5
Love the product,4
good qualityyyyy,5
Nicely received,5
best  stand 😊💐,5
Mann paryo 🫰🏽,5
cheap and best,5
does the work,5
Good product,5
Good quality,5
Nice product,5
good quality,5
nice product,5
good product,5
its good 👍,5
Sturdy ramro,5
okay okay xa,5
very nice.,4
Does the job,5
it was good,5
loved this product,4
It is good,5
very nice,5
satisfied,5
ramro chha,5
The Quality of the products was awsome.,5
good,5
Greattt,5
nice,5
Good,5
very nice,5
Great.,5
nice,5
good,5
good,5
Nice,5
Good,5
ok,5
cool,5
Good 👍,5
Nice One,5
lovely♥️,5
dami,5
good,5
useful,5
Good,5
Nice,5
Nice,5
good,5
Worth it ❤️,5
thikai xa,4
It is much better than a plastic one holds laptop really well really happy wth the product,4
not bad product ta thikai ho Tara delver chai late idk ridder ko Galti ho ya seller ko,4
Good product! Holds my 15 inch laptop just fine.,5
best quality in this price range 😄,5
,5
"For the price, this laptop stand is decent but has some drawbacks. While functional, it’s not the most durable option. The paint tends to chip off easily, and the rubber pads on the feet wore out fairly quickly. 
I'd recommend setting it up in a fixed spot rather than moving it frequently to prolong its lifespan.",3
"Overall build quality is nice for the price. My only gripe is the slider feet which is inserted in one of the 7 holes is made of plastic. Making it as critical point of failure. As the whole laptop weight stands on it, there is high to medium change of breakage within a year. Rest of the build is aluminum and decently sturdy. A good product nonetheless if you intend to use for a year or two at decentish price.",3
"working fine. But I don't suggest to buy if your laptop is heavier than 1.5KG or bigger in size than 13 inch. it's good for MacBook and similar laptops. you cant move it from one to another position normally, if you do so your stand might get broken or your laptop may get damaged. so if you can fix your laptop in one place and your table is placed in the corner of your room then you can be benefited by this product otherwise don't buy it.",3
good,5
It's great so far. I'm interested in finding out how long it's going to last.,4
Perfect.,5
the product is nice but it is a little bit small for macbook 16 inch,4
Worth the price highly recommended ❤️,5
Good,4
It works but it feels extremely cheap. Has a slight wobble. But for the price it ok .,3
Good as of now,4
"crack has appeared only after some months and i've barely used it, asked for help from seller and reply was literal cold 'no' and after that left me on seen.",1
Ramro lagyo. Tara expensive raixa,3
Ramro xa,5
"Good quality aluminum is good, but shot.",5
"really good product if you are just looking for a strong and rigid stand for your pc. 
Worth the buy",5
Good but it was small as expected,4
quantity dherai ramro xa..,4
"Looks good, yet to use it.",4
"sano xa
not suitable for bigger laptop especially gaming laptops.
ani rust lagako xa steel screw ma.",1
"Good Product. Works as advertised. Nothing loose or any issue. Once, the laptop is placed on it, it's sturdy and doesn't wobble. Got it for Rs. 471 total(including Rs. 25 delivery charge to Daraz seller center). For the price of even around Rs. 500, it's a good product.",5
Liked it. Hope it will last long,5
ramro xa,4
Very Durable. Amazing quality.,5
thikai ho,5
"Saman cost anusar ok xa
tara ekdam ramro chai vanna mildaina",3
good product,5
very comfortable 👍,4
Nice product,4
Love it,5
satisfied 👍,5
good product,5
Dami xa....,4
🖤🥰👌💯,5
nice,4
The build quality is nice. Euta side che ali sturdy Lagena.But definitely worth the price and is good especially for light weight laptops.,4
It arrived very quickly and is perfect for what I was looking for. A few scratches but nit noticeable.,5
"honestly, didn't think it'd be reliable or amazing  but boy i was wrong, i recommended this piece to few of my friends and cousins, and they loved it as well. it's a fixture on my desk now and has been for months.

if you are looking for a laptop stand, yes, you should consider this! (bonus: it's easily portable)",5
,5
,4
Simply nice!,5
Was smaller then expected but its premium quality.,5
the product is nice!!! delivery was also quick and very well packaged,5
it's nice i like it,4
Best Quality,5
Bears 16inch lenovo legion easily. Stable and good quality.,5
Thikai xa,4
"Works great and is sturdy.

#review_wrapup",4
the left side of the stand was loose,3
Nice product. Reordering Again,5
decent.,3
"stable enough and good quality , good product overall.",4
,5
,4
,4
Nice but rubber patches goes off and stand becomes slippery,5
good at this price,3
I have 2 of em they're sturdy and overall great.,5
ramrai chha.,4
works well if you don't have a bottom hinged laptop.,4
Looks good,3
good,5
okish,3
average,3
dami xa,4
"Dami cha, fitted very well.",5
Comfort to use and portable..,4
Great,5
good product,5
good quality and amazing product 😀😀😀😀,5
this product is awesome .thank you daraz❤️,5
100% recommended. Bought several times :),5
good one,4
It's good.,4
Worth it!,4
as expected ❤️👍,5
Legs are wobbly but does the job. Nicely packaged. Rubber feet provides nice grip on table so it's not slippery. Overall Nice product.,4
"Got the product delivered, the next day. 
The material looks good, can also be used for heavy gaming laptops. 
While other things look good, the hinges are kinda loose, not a perfect fit, which reduces the overall usage experience... thus only 3 stars...
if you are using an external keyboard for typing the stand seems to be good enough... which I am doing",3
I had requested to either refund or replace the product but haven’t heard from your store yet.. it has been over two weeks now !! You have canceled my fund request and have not responded to my messages.,5
Surprisingly heavier that expected but the locks are quite sturdy so till now no issue. The aluminium alloy is heavier that other laptop stand i have used.,5
"Gets the job done!

It isn't real aluminium by any chance, feels more like a plastic with aluminium looking coat.
But hey I am not an industrial scientist.

Doesn't feel durable if thrown around but supports my 13"" MacBook pro.
It is slightly wobbly at times and even when fully expanded horizontally it's only 5"" long which feels a little short for my 13"" mac.
Wouldn't recommend for bigger or sturdier laptops.

What can I say, there's room for improvement in the product. The idea is great. The implementation is subpar.
I had higher expectations with the product so keep yours low.

The rubber grips are fairly good though!",3
"Bought it about 2 weeks ago and have been using it for a while. While most of the reviews here found it good, I didn't. For me, the product felt not well-engineered. The axes of the hinges are not sturdy and the handles kept slipping from their holes whenever I had to do micro-adjustments to the laptop. Don't get me wrong -- the stand handles any weight of the laptop because it's made from metal and can give the keyboard a much needed slope to make it easy to write. But the lack of sturdyness of the stand and the small width of the stand make typing hard because the laptop felt wobbly. If you are going to attach an external keyboard, then this product might be a good buy as you won't be touching a laptop. But, if you are going to be typing on the laptop then you are going to not like it.

PS: My laptop is a 15.6 inch laptop and I bought this laptop mainly so that the keyboard will feel inclined and the sharp edges of the laptop wont hurt my hand.",1
j hos product thick mero chai paisa usul vayo. socheko bhanda product size chai sano lagyo. aru thick chha. neck problem vairathyo laptop chalayera now neck problem thorai vaye ni relief hune jasto lagyo,4
This laptop stand is not very practical. It's not very sturdy and it's not very adjustable. I tried using it for my laptop and it just didn't work well. I ended up just using a stack of books instead.,1
"holder, euta ko grip alik loose thiyo compared to the other.. anyway i dont think it will be a problem will using but organise garda chai thorai🤏",4
"good product but right side leg is bit uneven and doesn't snugly fit inside the notched groove(pwal). it tends to wobble, but with the load of laptop, the wobbling issue is eliminated.",5
"It's good. It fits my 15-inch laptop just fine. It gets a little wobbly sometimes, but other than that, it's good.",5
Does the job. But not worth the price. The 600-800rs plastic ones with even fan inbuilt are far better and stable than this product.,3
"The product a little flimsy but it worked really well with my computer. I recommend it. 
I wouldn't normally mention this on the review but the seller was kind enough to call me to see if I liked the product. Five stars.",5
"Product is decent and it does the job right. The cover cloth I received with this was absolutely trash through.

Recommended.",4
kasam ma achammai  parey.yetiko price ma  yesto  ramro  product first time  pako  mailye.aru  store ma  outof stock xaw tai pani  price ekdam  high xaw but  yo price ma  delivery charge garera pani  sasto  ma  yesto  ramro iam speachless first when i  open it.mataw normal hola vanera sochyeko  thiye but amazing yar beyond the expectation  from daraz for the  first time.,5
I ordered it after reading a lot of positive reviews on Daraz (which is rare). I wasn't disappointed. compact yet sturdy laptop stand.,5
"Great product, sturdy and firm. Gets the job done, when at the steepest angle. Make sure to keep the legs flat on the surface to reduce/eliminate wobbling. I recommend using external mouse & keyboard when using a lepton with this. Lastly, done good words for the vendor who tried to give me personalised customer service. Thanks a lot!",5
Not worth the price. It has strength to support the laptop but it is not suitable for laptops larger than 15.6 inch because it is too narrow. Also one of the bars don't align properly in the holes :/ Absolutely not worth RS 1000. It would be a great product it if was around 300 rupees.,3
"Doesn't wobble, sturdy and genuine product. One of the legs wobble a bit, but hasn't cause any problem yet. Maybe the problem was caused on the time of delivery.",4
"Took expensive to the same product compared to other store herein daraz. 
Product Quality is good. Ordered twice from here and twice from the other seller.",5
This is an excellent product. Built material aluminum vayera ekdam daro xa. Mero 16 inch ko laptop mazale support garyo without any problem. Very much recommend at this price. Plus carrying case is a nice touch.,5
"Great product for the price range. Sturdy and has a good grip. I use it with an external keyboard and mouse, and this stand works well for it.",5
"Great service. I had ordered the product on Friday 8th oct 2021 and goods got delivered today 10 oct 2021. 
100% Satisfied with product.",5
It's a great product. Does what it is supposed to do and it's sturdy and holds my 15-inch laptop perfectly fine.,5
"Defective product, Laptop doesn't sit on rubber pad instead of on bolts so it's not stable to use when on the stand.",1
Its good and sturdy....except one leg is a bit loose than the other. Doesn't seem like a problem though,5
"Highly recommended. It helps to keep your laptop cool. Received the product exactly how it is shown. Very sturdy, I don't fear my laptop falling off.

External keyboard & mouse would be suitable if you get this stand.

Worth your money 👍",5
"I’m glad I came on this website, and not just because the product I wanted was less expensive here than it was elsewhere. From the moment of order through delivery, the service was excellent, and the communication was courteous and professional.",1
"I guess you get what you paid for. The product is okay and it is holding my 16inch macbook properly.
One of the stand is very lose, so it's a bit hard to setup because of it. I don't think it'll give any issues if I don't move it too much, but will have to wait to find that out.",4
Product धेरै ramro chha ।sochejasto deliver vayo। fully satisfied about this product । Thank you daraz,5
It's worth the price. If you are looking for some simple stand nothing fancy then I highly recommend you to buy this.,5
Its worth it and very useful to elevate the laptop for good airflow and posture adjustment and fits my 17 inch laptop perfectly,5
"Working great, I use it for 17"" heavy laptop. I use separate wireless mouse and keyboard. Been using it for more than a week now. I don't take out the laptop much, if you do then will take a bit of time to adjust it.",5
The product is really good. One thing that I would expect it is to have a lock when expanded. But that is not much of a problem.,5
nice and sturdy build,5
it's better than expected,5
Last ko duita adkaune dulo ma Ali unstable hunxa So 3 star but considering the price .. Go For it,4
The package was well packed & this is an item which you think you might not need but you do 🤣🤣.,5
Nice quality sturdy design .Love it,5
It's good and working fine for me,4
"Nice Product. 
Worth Buying.",5
works as promised. size mileko chha,5
was worth the money too good...,5
good quality nice material to👍,5
a very good product. easy and portable,5
I am totally satisfied with this  product. The built quality is excellent for this price range,5
It's good one. Seems durable,5
ramro cha tara Ali kati imbalance vayeko feel vayo with out laptop.but with laptop it's good,5
Thikai xa kinda hunxa,3
"Nice, 
light and effective 
perfect 
comes with pouch 

ordered one more again 

thanks",5
Built quality is excellent 👍,4
"Very useful, a good product",5
seems flimsy after some use,4
More on the cheaper side might get some scratches on my laptop due to lack of Coushins.,5
Best for any laptops.,5
ramro xa product 10/10,5
Good quality product.,4
एकदमै राम्रो quality ko xa,5
"Don't get confused about its durability and built quality, absolutely solid and heavy.",4
nice and handy,5
Best one,5
loved it,5
"it's in good quality but it's small for my laptop 
it is perfect for mid size laptops",4
Smaller than it looks on picture. A little flimsy as well but for the price it's fine.,3
Not a proper fit for my laptop(lenovo legion 5). But product is good. looks premium.,3
Quit useful product. Quality looks good so far. But I got one of stand slight loose.,4
Material used ra build quality dubai ramro cha. Won't hurt buying it. Worth it cha.,4
it's good but not stable.,3
Nice Genuine Product. It's made up aluminum and received the stand bag as well.,5
"As expected, original product. Recommended, Thank you for the delivery on time.",5
Very good,5
Great product 👌,5
Works fine,4
sturdy and nice.,5
useful,5
Steady as a rock,5
NOIC,5
Its nice.,5
Good,5
not as expected,4
excellent  item useful help ful. i recommend you all to buy in this price.,5
price anusar ramro cha. Worth it. I would definitely recommend to buy it😊,5
Reviewed already. Quality is good. expensive comparative to other store.,5
Excellent build quality. Very strong and quite sleek and compact design.,5
"stand works well for macbook 13 inch , well built and supports weight.",5
fastest delivery - got it the next day i ordered. the stand is sturdy.,5
Wow so strong and supop laptop stang.fully satisfied.Thank you daraz.,5
"The stand is strong and capable of holding any laptop.
Nice products",5
well just got the product and its missing a grip and its too Shakey,3
"It's good but one pin type of thing is loose
But overall its good",4
Very good quality and works perfectly even for 15 inches laptop.,5
"Later found the same product in less price , but product is good",4
This is a very good quality one! i'm loving it. Just go for it❤️,5
euta thau ma nut loose cha idk if its gonna cause problem later,4
The product quality is good and perfect for my 17 inch laptop.,5
The product is great and provides you with a professional feel.,5
Aalik alignment na mileko raixa… but price anusar kai saman xa,4
This is definitely a good thing to buy and the quality is good.,5
amazing product. worth the money. good material and quality.,5
"Impressive!
tara ali ali hallido raixa, built nai testo ho ki",4
Preety good ig,3
thikai xa darai xa.. kaam chalxa... yo price ma thikai xa..,4
"Perfect for my legion 5 
this can hold heavy laptops easily",5
"Sturdy built quality, and definitely aluminum as described.",5
Like i expected it to be. Good product. I would recommend.,4
Low quality product. Dui tin choti use garda nai bigriyo.,1
"best stand for laptop for that price , durable and strong",5
full satisfied with product quality and reasonable price,5
The frame seems to be sturdy and holding 16 in computer.,5
Stand is okay. But the pins are not secured well enough,4
amazing product. it is just as it should be.😇😇😇😇,5
Delivered in good condition. Product is also good.,5
The product is nice as expected and looks durable.,4
It fits perfectly for the 14inch laptop. Thankyou,3
couldn't be more satisfied . such a nice product,5
Minimalist and perfect. Does its job perfectly.,5
"strong enough with Al material but adjust very loosely, So, can't place laptop anywhere.",3
tetti strong ra stable ta hoina but still worksalik sasto wala liye ni hune raixa,3
Had a bit of scratches but hardly noticeable,5
wasn't provided with the pouch as advertised,2
"Noice product, good build quality loving it",5
Very good product. Everyone should use this.,5
Better Quality then expected for the price.,5
I think this is beatar for regular usear 🤩,5
Very good product. Better than i expected.,5
One of the stands broke after 3 weeks of light usage :(,2
Just as shown in the pics.. It's alright.,5
"good one, but must check before delivery.",5
Its just as advertised and happy with it.,5
Nice product .. pulley could have better,4
"Good quality..
Got 6 level only though..",5
Good product. Nice build quality as well,5
Good for price. Does the job perfectly,5
Everything is good. Received next day.,5
sturdy and easy to set up. Good product,5
"I think it's good  product, thank you.",5
"Good enough, not well balanced though.",4
size is smaller than shown in picture,5
Awesome product for the price range.,5
Strong and stiff...good laptop stand,5
"Babaal ramro xa yr.. 
strong 💪💪💪",5
Good and sturdy product! Recommend,5
it's ok but not met my exception,3
Quality not good. Not satisfied,1
bought it for legion 5. it fits.,5
The product was good and sturdy.,5
As advertised. Well good seller,5
very great product!! loved it,5
good product ...should buy it,5
Feels cheaper and not tight,3
It's just exactly as shown.,5
it's good and quite strong.,5
Satisfied with the product.,5
it was as expected. no sacm,4
built quality is fair,3
Good Quality and Strong.,5
not so sturdy as expected,3
Stable and good product,5
good quality. satisfied.,4
Happy with the product.,5
Satisfied with product,5
Great to use in office,5
not bad,3
It is very useful ..,5
price wise amazing.,4
very nice product 😊,4
Perfect. Minimalist.,5
The product is good.,5
"not very good
#review_wrapup",3
good product.thanks,5
wobbly while typing,3
met my expectations,5
stand is bend a litte hard to adjust,1
"not keep up my expectations, but I still bank for buck",3
It does the job,5
worthy product.,5
Sturdy Product.,5
does the work,5
Worth buying!!,4
Okay Product,4
Nice product,5
Very useful!!,4
satisfied 😊,5
Good product,5
cute stand,5
Very useful,5
As expected,5
Good enough,5
As expected,5
"alikati nut lose xa, in one side of the stand.aru thikai xa..",2
,1
Not the best quality,3
It’s okey,3
got damanged piece,3
actually this is for office use ... you Ghar ma use garxau vana .. halka xuina betiika Tala ko stand naii yesta uta hunx .. laptop ladxa 😞 ....(the hole Stand don't working Nicely... laptop is not stable on it ... ),1
the screw thing just popped off in like a week . Tried to fixing it but didn't work.,1
"Very poor quality, the bolt fell off the moment i opened the package.",1
overpriced,3
works well,5
not good,2
its nice,5
very good,5
Loved it.,4
Good.,5
nice,5
ok xa,5
Good,3
good,5
good,5
👌,5
