review,rating
Packaging was good and the product is genuine as shown in the picture.,5
"it's very good product & good quality 😎...
thanx... Mr.Daraz😎💯🤩🌹🥳🥰",5
"Yesterday, I received my order, when I opened the package I was disappointed because the frame color was different, it means the seller cheated me, please don't do this again, Thank",5
"Build Quality is good(Frame), Material- good(plastic), was delivered fast and price is affordable in the section of Blue cut glasses. 
Satisfied with the product BUT No assurance about the authenticity of it being Blue Ray cut glasess. 
just hoping it serves the purpose that it cuts out the harmful blue cut rays for which i bought them 
bought 2 pcs and both came in good shape and size . buy it if u wanna gamble 😁. 
giving 4 stars since there is no way to prove its authenticity",4
"Just received it, packaging is good looks everything ok now it may take time that how effective the product really is",5
"Build Quality is good(Frame), Material- good(plastic), was delivered fast and price is affordable in the section of Blue cut glasses. 
Satisfied with the product BUT No assurance about the authenticity of it being Blue Ray cut glasess. 
just hoping it serves the purpose that it cuts out the harmful blue cut rays for which i bought them 
bought 2 pcs and both came in good shape and size . buy it if u wanna gamble 😁. 
giving 4 stars since there is no way to prove its authenticity",4
"Just received it, packaging is good looks everything ok now it may take time that how effective the product really is",5
"It's good and looks amazing and the quality is the  best .
it is a good product at the cheapest price",5
"As Per It's Price Range, It's Worth To Use 😁, Love It, Thanks For Making It Wearable. I Watch TV A Lot, Now I'm Gonna Use It",5
This product is very good. The delivery service is so fast. Yeti sasto rate ma testo product paunu ramrai ho . I liked it 😊,5
215 ko glass so complain garne thau nai xaina. dhulo protection lai best hola. dont know about blue ray cut,5
is this really a blue Rey cut glass wear I saw at the font of the sale display?? I think I'm confused 🥲 it looks like black which I didn't order k.,5
Glass ko box ni diyo na yr oni plastics ma halero patako.... poor packing... horu glass yo prize ma tikxha,5
i am satisfied with this product as same as on picture. but it is not a blue cut glass. it is just a normal glass like dust cut,5
"These blue light cut glasses provide excellent eye comfort, reduce digital strain, and enhance focus during long screen sessions. Lightweight, stylish, and effective, they quickly became my essential work accessory.",4
Na heri order packing garnu hunxa k ho ? Black 2 ta order gareko white 1 ta matra pathaidinu vako xa glass pani normal ma xa .packing garda ramro sanga detail check garnu hola,5
this product is such a steal. at such a low price you get this amazing glass. totally worth it,5
The glasses are good and worth the price. Recommended to all who wanna buy blue cut glasses.,5
Good glass according to it's price and value for money but blue ray xeknu si xekdaina rexa,5
parcel got two day early.. quality is justified according to money spent...nice product.,4
सर्भिस सब ठीक छ तर सामानहरूको साइज पनि राख्नु पर्यो ताकि कुन साइज लिने भनेर ग्राहकहरुले,5
"Blue light block garxa vanera kine KO 
total waste of money 
👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎",5
Nice one physically but i wanted to ask the seller whether it cuts blue rays or not.,5
Gud better than as price best 🤝🥳 buy no regret  white on I like it with cleanser,5
"ekdumai ramro laagyo, jasto expect gareko thiye testai paaye,,thank you Daraz 🥰",5
the product was good quality and packaging was also good. delivery was so fast,5
product is nice on price ☺️ nice but not more nice than price aanusar ramro xa,5
Quality was good at this price..this us the view i saw with this glasses,5
looks good quality at first impression . received product as advertised.,5
"For Rs. 249 it's a good deal. The glasses seem to work as it was meant to. However, the lenses are quite delicate and will get scratched very easily. 
I didn't have high expectations so I think I am quite happy and satisfied with what I got. Paisa wasool I would say.",5
Omg sooo nice!! It’s really pretty and got it at a very good price!,5
Thik xa delivery Pani time vanda agadi nai garnu vayo thank you ❤️,5
Thank you Daraz for getting good stuff at such a cheap price. 🙏🙏,5
Absolute a perfect thing if you are looking for computer glasses !,5
Same product as shown in the picture. Received in good condition.,5
"Looks like it works, 
passed the test, I will update the review later when I remember",5
"good quality ko xa,delivery is also fast ,lida hunxa dhukkale",4
nice one. but i don't think it works as blue ray protection,5
overall the product is good and happy for instant delivery.,5
Good quality nice chha Price Pani reasonable nai chha .,5
Received in good condition. Hope it will cut blue rays.,5
"nice product and safe delivered, but little big for me.",5
it's nice for the price .. but it would have been more better if box was provided,5
"goods were as good as expected, got delivered in time",5
looks good but I don't know blue cut or not let's see,5
I m satisfied with the product. delivery was fast 🥰,5
price aanusar ta ramraai xa . malai ta man pariyo .,5
same as in picture...thank you daraz and seller.,5
good it's very good in general packaging was mid,5
"Ramro xa hai❤️
Malai chai halka thulo vayo😵‍💫",4
the product was in good condition. thanks daraz,5
I think it is good in use for work .ok for me,5
chasmako phrem ra sisa hi quality product xa.,5
offer price ma pako price herikana ramrai ho.,5
Ramro cha yetiko price ma. You can go for it,5
good as i expected thank you for the service,5
"As my expectations 
It’s nice in this price",5
wow!!  good product at a very cheap price..,5
I liked it and it's same as in the picture,5
ramro xa Malai ta man paryo suggest to buy,5
received at very good condition.love this,5
its good for its low price and affordable,5
"Thia is the thing i wanted 
very pleased",5
very good product according to the price.,5
good quality in cheal price. recommended,5
babal layo dukka vayara lida hunxa 🩷🎀,5
thank you so much for thiss in a time.,5
no blue cut glass but product is good,5
"nice quality affordable price
worth it",5
This is really nice. I recommend this,4
Ramro xa and fast delivery love it ❤️,5
packed 📦well 👍👍 fast  delivery,5
ramro lagyo malai yetiko price ma ta,5
i just love this eyeglasses 🤓👓😍💖,5
great love it!!!!!-$+#+#+#+#+#+#+#+,5
worth it,4
The glass is perfect.  I loved it,5
It is nice better than I thought,5
1 number babal xa i loved it,5
chasma ramro cha good .daami,5
Thank you for the product,4
price anushar thik chh🙏😁,5
ठिकै छ normal use को लागि।,5
product ramrai xa yattiko,5
राम्रो  छ मूल्य अनुसार को,5
Ramrai xai k re 200 ma 👍,5
Nice glasses. I like it.,5
Received and looks good.,5
this product is goods,4
Thikai xa poisa sundar,5
it was nice i like it,5
excellent worked well,5
Price anusar thik xa.,5
Wow very beautiful 🥲,4
Thank you daraj,5
Great experience,5
Value for money,4
nice xa🙏🙏🤩🤩,5
nice product,5
Nice cool xa,5
Does the job.,5
ramro lagyoo,5
ramro xa,5
awesome,5
nice,5
good,4
Nice,5
good,4
toid,5
its gd,4
awesome,5
nic,5
not bad,5
good,4
nice,5
dami,5
thanks…,5
lovely 😍,5
Good according to price range.....,5
"Is it really a blue ray cut glass? I don't think so. I checked with a light source. A non-polarized blue ray cut lens should have reflections of light and when we see on a white computer screen, the screen should have a slight yellow tint for a blue ray cut lenses. But there's no change in this glass.

The uploaded photo show the difference.",3
satisfied 🫶,5
"ordered black but received this
quality looks very normal plastic average glass",3
product nai ramrai cha affordable cha price ko anusar value for money hooo,3
Very good product.,4
Same as ordered. Let's see how effective does it works.,3
Very good product according to price.,4
according to price it's kinda good feel heavy,3
It's decent for the amount of money we pay.,3
Good But Liitle Bit Gigantic😂♥️,4
normal xa blue cut ma xaina,3
Its quite good👍🏿,3
alik sano raxa tight vayera 20-30 min layepaxi kan dukhna thalyoo Tara yo price ma ekdam dami product ho,5
yo blue ray cut glass nai ho ra??..I ordered it yesterday..kei farak dekhinna ta normal glass vanda,5
yo pack garne pagal ho kya ho option mah maile black choose garya thiye frame teini sab white pathai dya xa nibba haru ko chasma lagiraxa,5
Thik thak xa Tara yo mobile TV computer use Garda nai lagauni chasma ho ni yesle eye Lai aasar gardaina Hola ne,5
I had ordered three item from this store but one I got foldable glasses instead of blue ray cut glasses 🫥,1
"shame as shown in picture doesn't seem like blue ray cut though, its good to use as a normal glass💯",5
loved the product. it was genuine as shown in pictures we can't expect more than this just below 400 . you guys should try for sure 🔥,5
i received it today and i like it... fast delivery and nice product according to price range thank you daraz!!,5
"this is not blue ray cut glass. i have checked with blue ray on shop. seller cheated on me. i will file the case😡😡😡. fake details rakhna ta vayani ni, j xa tehi rakhnu ni",1
"it doesn't protect your eyes from screen time don't fool people..it's like normal one but price is high
this is guste a trash 🗑️🚮",2
good but iwant different two glass but got same one lets see whether then exchange my product or not 1 star till now if then exchange it then i will give 5 star,5
Bule ray cut glass vanyeko normal ma pathunu vayexa aba yo kina ho tyo uha haru lai nai thaxa tara pathauna blue ray cut glass nai pathauna parthyo,2
The product is different at the same time it doesn't support blue lenses a waste of money all i can say.,1
awesome 😎,4
"Good product,exactly as advertised.Feels nice while wearing,pictures looks well.Thank you!",5
glass ramro cha perfect fit no scratch ramro packing ma aako thiyo testo kei issue chaina,5
i thought this blue ray have a glass but this is a plastic what a disappointed blue ray,5
"for me It's really a waste of money. nothing good 
but it is good at a low price so okey",5
8/10 ...best products ..blue ray chai xaina but..bt dhulo ma use grna lai chai best xa,5
man parena malai tw kasto socheko thiye tyo Vanda different PAYE paisa nai khera gayo,5
Sale ma thyo 249rs ko ani duita magaye delivery aja 7 august ma lera ni aayo ani charge ni duitai ko ligyo. But chasma chai aeuta matra pathako xa k para ho yo? Delivery manxe lai sodhda yo aeuta matra da vandai thyo!! Rahyo kura chasma quality ra overall ko thikai xa vanxu. Still paisa duita ko lera aeuta matra dera scam nai gareko ho,1
I'm so happy ❤️ It was way better than I expected . Shipping was also on time 💕,5
"good.
frame is a bit cheap,but glasses quality overall good, recommend to buy 👍",4
Good for its quality. But its quiet tight and hurts if you wear for long hours.,4
"good product but the size of the glass was too big so, please mention size also",5
Absolutely Beautiful and Worth It. Just came in handy when needed. thankyou❤️❤️,5
"Sounds cute and good, gifted this for someone, let's see how it is gonna work.",4
"big in size. glass ma crash aaisake ko xa
delivery chai ramro Ani chadai vayo",1
I have ordered Black one but got transparent.Quality is  good  😊 Like it👍😉,5
Nice product thank you Daraz for this amazing producer with fast delivery 😄,4
ramro xina blue light proction lakhako xa but yo blue light proction hoina,5
I except the product is in the box packing but it wasn't that's why the rating 4 stars only,4
"Bought for personal use, have not used yet, let's see how it's gonna work.",4
"With affordable price this glass it's good to use for Mobile,PC.",5
chasma looksma babal xa but blue ray chai testo xaina hai...,5
i order black frame but its okay thatit comes in white frame,5
it's pretty good and it was delivery faster than I expected.,5
Quality chai Best xa small face ko lagi Alli thulo dekhiyo😆,5
chasma looks very cool n price also reasonable.I like that,5
price anusar ta thikai ho. but simple useko lagi matra ho.,5
सोचेको भनदा अली ठुलो ग्लास रहेछ । क्वालिटि चाहि राम्रो छ ।,5
The goods delivered as mentioned with nice packaging. It does the job perfectly.,5
lovely looks. I don't know about the blue ray protection,5
that's amazing buys everybody in this price..... awesome,5
product packaging was very nice and it is value for money,5
It's good ani price anusar ramro xa and it's also comfy.,5
full blue cut chai xaina j hos paisa snga  natch grya xa,5
"8 din KO din balla delivery vayo 
product ta ramrai xa",4
thik xaina yr.....yettikai blue ray cut vanya xa hawa,5
"Expectation versus reality 
Real ma chai ramro xa 😘",5
it was good buying second bcz first one I had lost,5
very comfortable and it's quality is pretty good 😊,5
Price anusar chai ramrai xa hai. Recommended to buy,4
Very modern very suitable for me quality is good 👍,5
Not satisfied with the product frame is very loose,4
Matched my face size and came without any damage.,5
very good product for the price. must go for it.,5
Came just as shown in the picture thankyou❤️❤️❤️,5
love it 😍 very comfortable and fast delivery 🩷,5
My husband loves this chasma very very nice 👍🙂,5
Blue Ray Bhanera leko normal glass rexa👎👎👎👎,5
blue ray bhaneko white ray po ayexa maja ayena,5
Good product but delivery service is very bad.,5
ramrai xw price anushar malai dherai man paryo,5
Good product in this price range. Recommended,4
not good and  not comfortable use  no blue cut,5
dashain offer ma ramro product sasto ma paiyo,5
glasses 👓 are it's look good in me I love it,5
Worst product i have ordered something else and received another,1
It’s not that good and very big for my face,5
Overall good product according to the price,5
"good,but still doubt about blue reflection",5
"राम्रो छैन,,, जे भनेर लिएको त्यो छैन्⛏️⛏️⛏️",5
it's nice but I don't think it's blue rays,5
"सबै ठिक छ, तर मैले Blu-ray मा मगाएको थिए।",5
exactly like picture good but in plastic,4
Fits so well..no scratches fresh piece,5
very comfortable loved it so muchhhh ❤️,5
"good quality
i like it
thanks you daraz",5
Received in time.  Works as promised.,5
Love it so much also fast delivery 🚚💞,5
excellent as per the price of products,5
ramro lagen khoi blue Glass ho  k ho,5
love it so much and very satisfied 😍,5
ramro raxa thik xa kinna recommended,5
Thik yai xa Tara packing High Level,5
Best product as expected; thank you!,4
"good one 
malai man paro service 🙏",5
very fast delivery and nice product,4
Very comfortable with good quality,5
absolutely great! worth the price!,5
The quality of the glasses is good,4
Nice product as shown in picture.,5
theek xa quality yetiko price ma,4
The quality is good as per price.,5
It’s good according to the price.,5
"very bad quality 
waste of money",5
nice 👍 price anusar ramro xa 😎,5
It has the best quality.......,5
"According to the price, it is ok",5
product is very good I like it,5
price anusar quality thikai xa.,5
Wow 😲😲 very nice product 👏👏,5
normal glass..plz don't buy it,5
Good but can't meet expection,5
very good delivery is to fast,5
Really worth it for the price,5
nice one at reasonable price,5
"Good Product, Prompt Delivery",5
great according to the price,5
kinda good according to price,5
i got two can u take one back,5
its so nice and good quality according to price.,5
"nice product, good behavior.",5
size is larger than expected,5
"I like it , thankyou Daraz",5
good product would suggest,5
according to price worth it,5
Ok ✅ as good as this price,5
Good quality at this price.,5
This product is very nice.,5
No outer cover not so good,4
good quality 💯 best glass,4
for the price it is good..,5
the quality is very good.,5
nice one good i like it.,5
Ramro chaa sochya jastai,5
ramro layo price anushar,5
mulya anusar thikai chha,5
price  anusar thike xa,4
Not bad quality is good,5
it looks good 👍..liked it...,5
रेवन लेखेको चाहि आएन ।,5
worthy for big face,5
blue ray cut hoina .,5
ramro xa kinda hunxa,4
ramro lagyo malai ta,4
Looks as advertised,5
worthy for big face,5
Fantastic Wonderful,5
Nice and Qualitative,5
nice product love it,5
Dami dami dami. Dhukka le kinda huncha,5
"not  as shown I expect it has scratches in  middles of glass and  ,bigger size",1
पैसा अनुसार ठिकै छ।,5
aile samma thikai xa,4
Nice xa. Thank you,5
aile samma ramrai lagyo,4
can I return blucutglass,5
best xa yo prise ma,5
Got a good glasses,5
Good as per price,5
I just lov it ❣️👌,5
i like the product,5
Teti ko thikai ho,5
nice ramro lago❤️,5
i love it totally,5
its good product,5
Glass is so good,5
Ramrai raixa 😊,5
Good for nothing,5
not bad average,5
nice eye glasses,5
good as per price,5
thikai xa price anusar,5
simple and good,5
cheap and best,5
it's super nice,5
I am satisfied.,5
does the job 💯,5
woww I like it,4
nice I like it,5
feel good 👍👍,5
was little big,4
nice products,5
Good product,5
it is to good,5
Nice product,5
Nice product,5
it's so good,5
Good prdocut,5
good ramro xa,5
Satisfactory,5
good product,5
does not work,5
normal glass,5
nice quality,5
So big for me,5
Lovely 10/8❤️,5
good product,5
I like it ☺️,5
good product,5
this is best,5
Not bad.. 🫠,5
Its 😊 good,5
It was good,5
I like it ✨,5
tkik thikai,5
good quality,5
Ramro lagyo,5
pretty good,5
It was best,5
ok ramro xa,5
barely good,5
पैसा असुल छ,5
Babal xa..!,5
good for me,5
Ramro xa...,5
Beautiful ❤️,5
I like it,5
just ok ok,5
wonderful,5
Thikai cha but actual ma work garcha ki gardaina i don’t know.,4
guiet good,5
It’s good,4
price anusar babal cha,5
nice,5
good,5
Nice,5
super,5
good,5
good,5
Nice,5
Nice,5
goog,5
Kam xin,5
very good,4
Not bad✌️,5
Nice,2
Very good,5
wowww,5
nice🥰,5
gjjd,5
good ig,5
nice,5
ramro w,5
ramro xa,5
Good,5
Good,5
so nice,5
good 👍,5
⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️,5
Ok,5
Nice,5
Good,5
Good,5
ramro xa,5
love it,5
Good,5
Not good,5
Nice,5
nice one,5
Good,5
Good,5
nice,5
Good,5
Thikxa,5
its good,5
good,5
Average.,5
too good,5
Nice 👍,5
Good,5
Nice,4
nice ☺️,5
nice,5
good,4
nice,5
Nice,5
