review,rating
one lit bit yellowish and the other white... I hope it lasts longer,5
"The sounds are all good, let's see what happens next.",5
Paisa anusar ko quality cha kam gardai chha heraun,4
"too much good 💙 
thank you for providing 💗",5
It arrived in good condition. Works great.,5
Product fine xa but button kunai pani chaldeina ani color halka yellow jasto dekhxa. Bass loud xa aru thikai xa.,3
I got this earphone at an affordable price. I really loved this one. The sound quality is awesome.,4
"Good Earphone❣️
In Budget
Sound Is Average But In This Price Range It Is A Good Thing ☺️",5
the product is nice as shown in picturre,5
Ramro cha sound ni thakai Lago,4
quality is good,5
As expected 👍,5
not satisfied,5
nice,5
"Its ok for regular use .
no problem at all",3
the product is defective. has no sound on the right side of earphone. need to exchange it or else please,1
The quality of the earphone is unacceptable. Sound quality is not so good. I have got better earphones for cheaper price. It has lasted for a month which was not expected of it but dont think it is going to be lasting any longer,1
"Don't buy anything form this shop, it says two item in the bill and delivered just one item.",1
"useless, you just get what you pay for, it just broke next day, thanks daraz",2
ndroid ma volume support garena mic matra chaldo raixa #samsung j4,5
"this is so bad earphone 
this earphone has thin wire",1
"First purchase with excellent service, nice quality. Lokking further for more purchases from Daraz.",5
it is notgood it will stop to working after 3 days,5
it's design good but sound quality is not good,5
What the heck?? Its one side is not working😡,5
one works but another has defect on hearing,5
This product is worst...very bad quality..,5
volume up and down button doesn't work,5
worst.... don't think about buy this.,1
It's not a 1000 rs earphone its 150,5
Cheap quality. Not as shown in pic.,1
it was for my fren..she liked it!,5
Broke within a month of usage,2
Mic did not work🤣😂😅😭😭😭,1
sound quality is not good,5
Nice earphone love it,4
2days mai bigryo hawa,5
The wire was cut on two three places.,2
waste of money,5
extremely weak,2
worst product,5
worse yet...except...sound quality everything is of bad quality..main the wire..is totally of useless ...thirty party wire,1
"1Ear pod received but I purchased for 2. 
only 1 has received what to do?",5
quality was good....,4
"worst, it was broken 1 hour after delivery. low quality product.",2
not nice😪,1
its worst.,1
Its Good,5
good,5
😊😊,5
good,5
You ve deliver one defect earphone,5
It worths price👍🏼👍🏼,4
the sound quality is very bad.,1
gross!,1
"It is ordinary earphone sound quality is average, over all it not good , but at this price what we expect",2
Mic Doesn't Properly Work,2
Not good,1
Ramro xa i like it...,5
Nice earphone,5
cheap and worst,1
The earphone which i got doesn't work ... one side doesn't function ... very bad,5
worst,1
